chore: add docs for new actionable in-app notifs (#536)
knocklabs/docs: content/in-app-ui/api-overview.mdx

## Message statuses

All messages returned from the in-app channel adhere to our message status and engagement APIs. That means it's possible to programmatically mark the messages as seen, read, interacted with, or archived. You can read more in our [message status documentation](/send-notifications/message-statuses), or read more on how we use these message statuses [on the in-app channel](/integrations/in-app/knock#how-the-knock-in-app-feed-uses-status).

## Working with actionable notifications

In-app notification messages (`FeedItem`) are "actionable" and can be one of three types:

- **Standard**: indicates that the entire cell is potentially actionable (e.g., clicking anywhere on the cell will trigger an action).
- **Single-action**: indicates that the notification cell has a single action button that can be clicked.
- **Multi-action**: indicates that the notification cell has both a primary and secondary set of actions that can be clicked.

> Working with actionable notifications is straightforward. When rendering the in-app message, you can check the `blocks` attribute for the presence of a `ButtonSetContentBlock` and render the `buttons` contained within the block accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working with actionable notifications is straightforward. If you're using out-of-the-box Knock UI components, we'll handle the rendering of actionable notifications for you. 

If you're building a custom feed implementation, you can check the `blocks` attribute for the presence of a `ButtonSetContentBlock` and render the `buttons` contained within the block accordingly.
```
Maybe lead with base case of we handle for you and call out the custom alternative, in which case they'd already need to be handling the other content block

> If you're using out-of-the-box Knock UI components, we'll handle the rendering of actionable notifications for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
